I think homegrown food is the best way
that you can possibly eat in
multifarious ways it's the best for your
health it's the best for your
environment it gives you a real sense of
creative achievement to pull a carrot
from the ground that you planted as a
seed and that's an experience that
everybody should have and should value
it's a quality alive thing you know it
brings together so many other things so
it's time alone it's time with the
family there's there's the kind of
solitude and the peace there's the
sociability of it but you know it's just
the best food you can get and that's I'm
food is something that you're sharing
with loved ones most of the time anyway
so it's a quality and life thing for me
giy is one of the most important
initiatives and food terms and in social
terms that's happened in the last number
of years in Ireland
the plan for GOI HQ is to take a piece
of land in an urban situation in
Waterford and turn it into giy HQ which
would be you know a center focused on
and the whole spectrum of food from
growing it to cooking it to eating it in
my own company all the things we've
really done is that we have rendered
three hectares land just outside the
coke making and we have employed to
farmers organic farmers to grow organic
vegetables for a couple of our
restaurants giy is they can do
organization that leaves all the others
behind because it brings people together
it harnesses enthusiasm and it inspires
people to go and and and do more so it's
a win-win every way it's absolutely
amazing it's really really brilliant to
be able to have access to fresh local
ingredients